Databrary Access AgreementThe undersigned Institution wishes to allow its Authorized Investigators identified in Annex I (“Authorized Investigators”) to access Databrary. Databrary is a web-based data library housed at New York University designed for sharing developmental and behavioral data, including video files and associated metadata. Authorized Investigators have both contributor and user privileges to all shared data in the library. However, many uses of Databrary do not involve contributing data or conducting research on shared data. IRB approval is not required for access to Databrary; however, IRB approval is required to contribute personally identifiable data to be shared through Databrary or to conduct research on data obtained through Databrary.By signing this Access Agreement, effective as of the date entered below, both the Institution and Authorized Investigators hereby agree to its terms, including those found in the attached Annexes, and hereby acknowledge receipt of and agree to be bound by the Databrary Access Guide, including the Statement of Rights and Responsibilities for Databrary, for Institutions, and for Investigators, including those provisions regarding the contribution and use of data by Authorized Investigators and the Institution. The Databrary Access Guide may be amended from time to time. In addition, the Institution and Authorized Investigators hereby agree to use Databrary and data obtained through it exclusively for the purpose of scientific research or education under an academic, research, government, health, or commercial entity (but in the last case, solely for non-commercial purposes).By signing this Access Agreement, the Institution verifies that (a) it maintains an ethics or Institutional review board that reviews and approves research involving human subjects, (b) the Authorized Investigator(s) are eligible to conduct independent research at this Institution and the Institution accepts responsibility for its Authorized Investigators’ actions related to the use of Databrary, (c) it grants the Authorized Investigators the authority to choose and manage affiliates who meet Databrary's qualifications and who agree to follow Databrary's ethical principles, and (d) the person executing this Access Agreement on behalf of the Institution has the authority to do so.The Institution and the Authorized Investigators agree that Databrary, New York University, The Pennsylvania State University, and the relevant funding agencies bear no responsibility for the use of Databrary or the information contained within it. Except in cases where the Institution is expressly prohibited by law from indemnifying third parties, the Institution and the Authorized Investigators indemnify and render harmless Databrary, New York University, and The Pennsylvania State University from all claims, losses, liability, and other damages that arise from Institution’s or Authorized Investigator’s violations of this Access Agreement.In cases where the Institution is prohibited by law from indemnifying third parties, the Institution agrees that it will be responsible for the payment of claims, including for loss, personal injury, death, property damage, or otherwise, arising out of any act or omission of its employees or agents in connection with the performance of this agreement for which it is held liable under applicable law.It is understood and agreed that this document shall constitute a separate agreement between Databrary and the Institution and each of its Authorized Investigators, as amended from time to time by the Institution and Databrary, to include additional Authorized Investigators as listed in Annex I. As an Investigator, I acknowledge that I have read and understand the terms of this agreement.Name and title of Authorized Investigator: ___________________________Signature of Authorized Investigator: ___________________________As the Authorized Organizational Representative (AOR), my signature below indicates that I have authority to bind my Institution under this agreement.Institution: ___________________________Printed Name: ___________________________Title: ___________________________Signature: ___________________________Date: ___________________________