# Databrary# Best Practices for Data SecurityData security evolves. This document represents a set of best practices that Databrary recommends all *Authorized Researchers* and *Sponsored Researchers* adopt:## Personally Identifying Information- PII consists of the following:	- Full name	- National identification number (e.g., Social Security number)	- Internet Protocol (IP) address	- Vehicle registration plate number	- Driver's license number	- Health certificate or insurance number	- Fingerprints, or handwriting	- Credit card or financial account or access numbers	- Digital identity (e.g., Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, email account names)	- Date of birth	- Birthplace	- Address	- Telephone number- And, faces and voices.- Special care must be taken with PII.	- Personally identifying information (PII) should be removed from text/flat files before it is shared with Databrary. This is called *de-identifying* data.	- If you collect PII on paper, lock the paper records in file cabinets.
	- PII contained in audio or video recordings or photographs need not be removed before sharing with Databrary. That is, recordings or photographs need not be de-identified.
	- Participants should be identified by a code that does not include PII -- names, initials, birthdates, phone or ID numbers, etc.
	
## Password Generation- Use a unique password for Databrary.- Do not share your password with others.- Choose a password that has capital and lower case letters, special characters and numbers.- Do not write your password down.- Do not store your password in an unencrypted file on your computer.- Change your password at least every 6 months.## Computers Used to Access and Download Databrary files- Computers should have individual-level, password-protected user accounts.
- Do not share account IDs or passwords- User account passwords should differ from those used for Databrary (see above).- Laptops may be stolen or lost, so it may be wise to enable system-wide file encryption.- Set your computer to activate a password protected screen saver after 3 minutes of inactivity.- Set your computer to automatically logout after 5 minutes of inactivity.- Databrary logs the Internet Protocol (IP) addresses of computers that access the system, so you may wish to choose a specific computer or computers to use to access Databrary.## Data File Storage and Backup- If data are stored on laboratory computers, those computers should be regularly (daily or weekly) backed up to a secure location offsite.- More than one backup copy should exist. All backups should be secure.- You may take screen shots, but if the screen shots contain PII, they must be stored securely.## Physical features of laboratory or office- Laboratories or offices that house computers where data are stored should be locked whenever the rooms are unoccupied.- Be aware of whether the layout of your laboratory or office inadvertently allows other individuals to see your computer screen or reflections from your computer screen through doors or windows.