# Databrary## Assent to Share Recordings Script for Children### Spoken to child by Experimenter:*Earlier, we asked you if you wanted to be in the study and if we could tape you while you [describe task]. You said yes.**Right now, only the people who work in this room will see your tapes. We want to ask whether you say it is okay for us to put these tapes in a library so that other scientists who don’t work in this room can also see them. There are many other scientists who want to learn about how children grow and change, but they can’t because they don’t work in this room.**If you say yes, only other scientists who have approval to use the library will see the tapes. Your friends, your teachers, and your classmates won’t be able to see them unless you say it is okay.* *Please talk this over with your parents before you decide if you want your tapes to be in the library. I will also ask your parents to give their permission for your tapes to be in the library, but even if your parents say “yes” you can still say “no” and decide not to put your tapes in the library.**If you don’t want your tapes to be in the library, we don’t have to put them in there. Remember, having your tapes in the library is up to you. No one will be upset if you don’t want the tapes to be in there.**You can ask any questions that you have about the library. If you have a question later that you didn’t think of now, you can call me or ask [your parents, teacher, whoever the child may choose] to call me at [telephone number].**Would you like to have your tapes stored in the library?*[Child answers yes or no; only a definite yes may be taken as permission to share.]Child’s Response: _________________*If you can read and write, and want to have your tapes stored in the library, you can check the box.*☐ Yes, I would like to have my tapes stored in the library.*Would you like other people besides scientists working in the library to see parts of the tapes?*[Child answers yes or no; only a definite yes may be taken as permission to share.]Child’s Response: _________________*If you can read and write, and you want to let other people see parts of the tapes, you can check the box.*☐ Yes, I would like other people besides scientists working in the library to see parts of the tapes.### SignaturesIf you can read and write, sign your name here to show that you understand what we have talked about. Your signature: _________					Date: _________Researcher obtaining permission: _________	Date: _________