# Data Management Plan Template 

Note: This is a template data management plan to help researchers who plan to store and share data in Databrary. It assists researchers describe how the project will conform to the [NSF Policy on dissemination and sharing of research results](http://www.nsf.gov/bfa/dias/policy/dmp.jsp), including the requirement to “share with other researchers, at no more than incremental cost and within a reasonable time, the primary data, samples, physical collections and other supporting materials created or gathered.”  Researchers should confirm agency/directorate/program-specific resource sharing plan or data management plan requirements.

1. Data description <br/> <br/>
[Briefly describe the types of data, samples, physical collections, software, curriculum materials, and other materials to be produced in the course of the project.]<br/> <br/>
2. Existing data (if applicable)<br/> <br/>
[Briefly describe existing data relevant to the project; added value/justification of new data collection/generation; and plans for integration with existing data]<br/> <br/>
The data collected will be added to other information about developmental science stored and shared in the Databrary digital library (databrary.org).<br/> <br/>
3. Data and metadata standards <br/> <br/>
Databrary transcodes all deposited video and audio data into a standard, open-source and HTML5 standards-compliant format, currently H.264. Databrary stores other data in native formats (e.g., .doc, .docx, .xls, .xlsx, .txt, .csv, .pdf, .jpg, .png, .bmp). Databrary expects to develop data mining mechanisms that will convert much of the metadata stored in non-text or non-XML formats into these standard forms for subsequent sharing.<br/> <br/>
4.	Policies for access and sharing <br/> <br/>
Data will be stored with and shared through Databrary. Sensitive or identifiable data shared with Databrary will only be viewable and downloadable to authorized users who have been granted secure access. De-identified data may be made available to the public, as determined by the researcher. Databrary can house video, audio, PDF, spreadsheet, image, and text-based files (along with associated metadata), as well as executable scripts in Ruby, R and Matlab that facilitate data analysis. Only researchers with Principal Investigator status from institutions with Institutional Review Boards or similar review entities or researchers affiliated with Principal Investigators will be authorized for access. <br/> <br/>
Authorized users will be required to sign a user agreement that specifies that they will: (1) be responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the data; (2) abide by ethical principles for treatment of human subjects as mandated by their local Institutional Review Boards; (3) agree not use the data for commercial purposes; and (4) treat data in the Databrary with the same high standards of care that they would treat data collected in their own laboratories.<br/> <br/>
Although Databrary will store complete study data, only videos and other identifiable data that have been permissioned for sharing by all the depicted individuals in each recording will be made available to the community of authorized users. Databrary has developed template Sharing Release forms that contributors can add to their IRB protocol. The release allow researchers to ask participants for permission to share their data. <br/> <br/>
5.	Policies and provisions for reuse and redistribution<br/> <br/>
Access to databases and associated software tools generated under the project will be available for educational and research purposes, as specified above. Such access will be provided using web-based applications, as appropriate. Materials generated under the project will be disseminated in accordance with the policies of NSF and participating institutions. Publication of data shall occur during the project, if appropriate, or at the end of the project, consistent with normal scientific practices.<br/> <br/>
6.	Plans for archiving and preservation<br/> <br/>
Data in Databrary will be preserved indefinitely in a secure data storage facility. At NYU, the facility is managed by the university's central information technologies organization. Central IT staff handle storage, network, and backup systems. NYU does routine tape backups that are stored off site.

