# Databrary### Authorized Researcher Agreement### OverviewDatabrary is a data library intended to foster sharing of information between researchers. Databrary contains *De-Identified Data*, *Non-Identifiable Data*, and *Metadata*. Databrary also contains *Identifiable Data* – video/audio recordings and photographic images (*Recordings*)– and other sensitive materials, such as *Self-Reported Health-Related Information*, only some of which are open to the public. Accordingly, Databrary requires prior authorization for access.With authorization, I can: browse, search, and download *Data* from Databrary for non-research purposes; use Databrary for *Research* purposes (with appropriate approval from my *Institution*); and contribute *Data*, subject to the *Sharing Permissions* granted by individuals depicted in *Recordings* or *Research Participants*. This document sets out my rights and responsibilities and those of Databrary. Definitions of italicized terms used in this document are listed [here](https://github.com/databrary/policies/blob/master/definitions.md).
### Responsibilities of Authorized and Sponsored ResearchersI understand that in order for me to have access or contribute to Databrary, I must apply to Databrary for *Authorized Researcher* or Sponsored Researcher status. If I am eligible to be a principal investigator (PI) (e.g., professor at a university) at my institution, I may apply to be an *Authorized Researcher*. If an *Authorized Researcher* agrees to sponsor my application, I may apply to be a Sponsored Researcher. Signing this agreement is one part of the application procedure. If approved for *Authorized* or *Sponsored Researcher* status I agree to keep my contact and other information reported in Databrary current. I agree to renew my status with Databrary every two years or whenever I change institutions. I agree to keep officials at my *Institution* who supervise research ~~and authorize agreements of this sort~~ informed about my use of Databrary, and I agree that Databrary may share information about my use with my *Institution*. If I conduct *Research* with materials shared in Databrary, I will consult with the appropriate officials and secure whatever official approvals are required.I agree to complete training in research ethics involving human participants. The training must be offered by an official research ethics training entity. I agree to keep current my human participants training certification with such an entity.I agree to follow [best practices in data security](https://github.com/databrary/policies/blob/master/best-practices.md) for any *Data* I draw from Databrary or collect to contribute to Databrary.I agree to uphold the [Databrary Bill of Rights](https://github.com/databrary/policies/blob/master/bill-of-rights.md).In contributing *Data*, I assert that I have rights to the *Data* I contribute; no other entity or individual has ownership rights that prevent me from contributing the *Data* to Databrary.I agree to cite Databrary resources I use in my scholarly work. Databrary will provide a recommended citation format.
### Privacy of research participants
I promise to treat *Data* taken from or contributed to Databrary with the same high standards of care that I treat Data collected in my own laboratory. Video and audio recordings and photographs contain *Personally Identifying Information* about research participants and other individuals involved in a study. Images and/or voices may be visible or heard. Names may be spoken out loud. Images and voices of visitors or other people who are not *Research Participants* may be recorded. If a study takes place in a home or other setting, aspects of that home or setting may be recorded. Thus, individuals or locations could be identified from recordings. Any intentional identification of a *Research Participant* or unauthorized disclosure of confidential information of other individuals violates the *Promise of Confidentiality* given to *Research Participants* and may violate the confidentiality of other persons who are not *Research Participants*. To avoid this, when browsing and downloading *Data*, I agree to:
•	protect the identity of all individuals with information in Databrary, especially those depicted in *Recordings* (*Depicted Individuals*); •	keep *Data* secure on computers with access limited to *Research Staff* under my supervision or the supervision of the *Authorized Researcher* who sponsors me;•	respect the level of sharing permission given by *Depicted Individuals*.When contributing data, I agree to:•	remove names and other *Personally Identifying Information* from all files that are not *Recordings*; •	seek, secure, and maintain permission to conduct research from the *Research Supervision Entity* that governs research at my *Institution* and receive approval to ask *Depicted Individuals* or their legal parent or guardian for *Permission to share Recordings* or *Permission to Share Self-Reported Health-Related Information* in Databrary; •	Ensure that *Depicted Individuals* sign a copy of the appropriate Databrary *Permission To Share* documents; •	Faithfully represent to Databrary the level of *Sharing Permission* given by *Depicted Individuals*.### Limitations on Sharing Excerpts of Data with the Public
I will not use Databrary for commercial purposes. I agree not to share raw *Data* with the general public or with researchers who are not authorized by Databrary. However, depending on the permission level granted by *Depicted Individuals*, I may be able to show or distribute *Excerpts from Recordings* to public audiences. I promise to exercise professional judgment and uphold ethical principles in determining which *Excerpts* to show and to what audiences.I understand that *Depicted Individuals* may give different levels of permission to share *Recordings* or *Self-Reported Health Information with Databrary*.*Depicted Individuals* may refuse to give permission to share *Recordings* or *Self-Reported Health-Related Information*. In this case, Databrary may store *Recordings* or *Self-Reported Health-Related Information* but not share them beyond the set of *Authorized Researcher*s who are part of the *Data contributor*’s approved research team under an existing research protocol. The full responsibility for identifying who constitutes the set of researchers allowed access is the *Data contributor*’s.Or, *Depicted Individuals* may give permission for their *Recordings* or *Self-Reported Health-Related Information* to be shared. In this case, recordings and photographs may be shared with other Databrary *Authorized* or *Sponsored Researchers* and viewed, downloaded, and analyzed by *Research Staff* under the supervision of *Authorized Researcher*s. However, no *Recordings* may be shown in public settings. Additionally, *Depicted Individuals* may grant permission to show and distribute *Excerpts* to the public. Excerpts from audio or video files selected by an *Authorized Researcher* may be presented in public settings—in classrooms, at scientific or technical meetings—and may be published in the media, in textbooks, scientific publications, or on the Internet (with citation) as long as no *Personally Identifying Information* about a Depicted Person is included with the excerpt. If there is ambiguity about whether a *Depicted Individual* has granted *Permission To Share*, or *Permission to Excerpt*, those *Recordings* or *Self-Reported Health–Related Information* must not be shared, viewed or distributed. Any problems or questions should be addressed to Databrary (ethics@databrary.org).
### Rights of ContributorsIf I contribute Data to Databrary, I can decide whether to share, when to share, and with whom I want to share. I may share only among members of my IRB protocol and researchers under my supervision, a subset of authorized Databrary researchers I choose, or all authorized Databrary researchers. I understand that Databrary will store my data regardless of what I decide, and will make the data available according to my wishes and the sharing permission level granted by Depicted Individuals or Research Participants. However, Databrary reserves the right to limit the amount or kind of Data stored without charge to contributors or the level of service provided to contributors and other researchers.*Authorized Researcher*s may change or revoke access to data at any time. But, I understand that Databrary cannot guarantee that Data previously shared can be retrieved.Databrary encourages researchers to share the products of their scientific work, including Metadata, lab notebooks, analysis code, figures, manuscripts, and other materials as broadly as possible. 
### Databrary Rights and ResponsibilitiesI grant Databrary permission to: - redistribute the Data in Databrary in accordance with my wishes and the permissions chosen by Depicted Individuals; - promote and advertise the data collection; - describe, catalog, validate and document Data; - store, translate, copy or re-format the Data in any way to ensure its future preservation and accessibility; - incorporate Metadata or documentation;- revoke access to Data that pose a risk of violating confidentiality;- revoke access to Databrary for ethics violations.### ViolationsIf Databrary determines that I have violated terms of this agreement Databrary may remove the data in question or deny access to Databrary, temporarily or permanently. The violation may be reported to the Research Integrity Officer, *Institution*al Review Board, or Human Subjects Review Committee of my *Institution*.If denied access, I may request a formal inquiry and review by the Databrary Ethics Committee.
### DisclaimerI understand that Databrary, New York University, The Pennsylvania State University, and the relevant funding agencies bear no responsibility for the use of Databrary or the information contained within it. I indemnify and render harmless Databrary, New York University, and the Pennsylvania State University against any actions at law or in equity or in similar courts of any jurisdictions arising from violations of any of the points in this agreement.
### SignatureMy signature signifies:
•	that I have read and understood this document;•	that I have read and understood the Databrary Permission to Share documents;•	that I have read and understood the Databrary Standard Operating Procedures;	Name:
	Signature:
	Date:
	
If required by my *Institution*:

	Name of Authorized Representative:
	
	Signature:
	
	Date:	